>> HE TWEETS A LOT.
>> HE DOES.
YES, HE DOES.
>>> NOW TO BILL CLINTON, GUSHING
TO ELLEN ABOUT BEING A
GRANDFATHER.
LATER HE TALKS ABOUT SOME OF HIS
FAVORITE TV SHOWS AND HE SHARED
ONE THING HE WISHED HE HAD KNOWN
IN HIS PRESIDENTIAL YEAR.
>> THE THING ABOUT "HOUSE OF
CARDS" THAT MAKES IT FUN TO
WATCH, I CAN'T IMAGINE THAT
EITHER A PRESIDENT, SPACEY, OR
THE PRESIDENT'S CHIEF OF HOUSE
ON SCANDAL COULD REALLY GET AWAY
WITH MURDER.
I WISH I HAD KNOWN ABOUT THAT.
THINK OF ALL THE OPPORTUNITIES.
>> YEAH.
>> THOSE ARE HIS FAVORITE SHOWS?
>> I WAS ACTUALLY VERY
SURPRISED.
>> SCANDAL?
>> THAT HE LIKES THOSE SHOWS.
BECAUSE THEY'RE SO FAR FETCHED.
>> I DON'T KNOW IF HOUSE OF